[identity] Latest API updates for Azure pipelines credential (#29854)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md

#### Authenticating in Azure Pipelines with service-connections

##### Set up Federated Identity Credential in Azure Pipelines

> In order to set up FIC in Azure Pipelines, you can set up the Azure Resource Manager service connection as an [automatic recommended approach](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/library/connect-to-azure?view=azure-devops#create-an-azure-resource-manager-service-connection-that-uses-workload-identity-federation). You can also create it manually either using a [user-assigned Managed Identity as FIC](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/configure-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#set-a-workload-identity-service-connection-to-use-managed-identity-authentication) or using an [App Registration as FIC](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/configure-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#set-a-workload-identity-service-connection-to-use-service-principal-authentication).

Reviewer: To be a bit pedantic, we're not setting up the UAMI _as_ a FIC, we're setting up the UAMI to accept the ADO-issued token as a FIC. Federated Identity Credentials are just another credential type on an App Registration, along with Client Secret Credentials or Client Certificate Credentials.

Author: done

> To set up a federated identity credential (FIC) in Azure Pipelines, you can set up the Azure Resource Manager service connection as an [automatic recommended approach](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/library/connect-to-azure?view=azure-devops#create-an-azure-resource-manager-service-connection-that-uses-workload-identity-federation). You can also create it manually either using a [user-assigned managed identity to accept the ADO-issued token as a FIC](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/configure-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#set-a-workload-identity-service-connection-to-use-managed-identity-authentication) or using an [App Registration to accept the ADO-issued token as a FIC](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/configure-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#set-a-workload-identity-service-connection-to-use-service-principal-authentication).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up a federated identity credential (FIC) in Azure Pipelines, you can set up the Azure Resource Manager service connection as an [automatic recommended approach](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/library/connect-to-azure?view=azure-devops#create-an-azure-resource-manager-service-connection-that-uses-workload-identity-federation). You can also create it manually either using a [user-assigned managed identity to accept the ADO-issued token as a FIC](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/configure-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#set-a-workload-identity-service-connection-to-use-managed-identity-authentication) or using an [App Registration to accept the Azure DevOps-issued token as a FIC](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/configure-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#set-a-workload-identity-service-connection-to-use-service-principal-authentication).
```

Make sure you use one of the [recommended Azure Devops task](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/troubleshoot-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#review-pipeline-tasks) for FIC to be available in Azure Pipelines.

For using the `AzurePipelinesCredential` you need to configure these values in the constructor:

1. `clientId`: Client ID from your user-assigned managed identity OR Application (client) ID from your app registration.
2. `tenantId`: Tenant ID from your user-assigned managed identity OR Directory (tenant) ID from your app registration.

> 3. `serviceConnectionId`: The service connection ID is the **GUID representing your service connection** and can be obtained by looking at the URL bar in your browser when you navigate to a service connection in the Azure Devops. It is the ResourceId as found in the querystring of the URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. `serviceConnectionId`: The service connection ID is the **GUID representing your service connection** and can be obtained by looking at the URL bar in your browser when you navigate to a service connection in the Azure DevOps. It is the ResourceId as found in the query string of the URL.
```

> 3. `serviceConnectionId`: The service connection ID is the **GUID representing your service connection** and can be obtained by looking at the URL bar in your browser when you navigate to a service connection in the Azure Devops. It is the ResourceId as found in the querystring of the URL.

Author: done

>    ![ResourceId as found in the querystring of the Azure Resource Manager service connection created in the Azure Devops](exampleServiceConnectionUrl.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   ![ResourceId as found in the query string of the Azure Resource Manager service connection created in the Azure Devops](exampleServiceConnectionUrl.png)
```

Author: done

> 4. `systemAccessToken`: [See how to configure the System Predefined variable $System.AccessToken for the Azure Pipelines task](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#systemaccesstoken). This is the field you will pass into the constructor of the credential.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. `systemAccessToken`: [See how to configure the System Predefined variable $System.AccessToken for the Azure Pipelines task](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#systemaccesstoken). This is the value you will pass to the constructor of the credential.
```

> 4. `systemAccessToken`: [See how to configure the System Predefined variable $System.AccessToken for the Azure Pipelines task](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#systemaccesstoken). This is the field you will pass into the constructor of the credential.

Author: done

> 4. `systemAccessToken`: [See how to configure the predefined system variable System.AccessToken for the Azure Pipelines task](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#systemaccesstoken). This is the value you'll pass to the credential's constructor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. `systemAccessToken`: [See how to configure the predefined system variable System.AccessToken for the Azure Pipelines task](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#systemaccesstoken). This is the value you'll pass to the credential's constructor.
```

Author: done

#### Example of using the Azure Pipelines Task

> The following yaml script is an example of running the `AzureCLI@2` task for using service connections federated identity with @azure/identity. See the list of [recommended Azure Devops task](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/troubleshoot-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#review-pipeline-tasks).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following task yml is an example of configuring the `AzureCLI@2` task for using service connections federated identity with @azure/identity. See the list of [recommended Azure DevOps tasks](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/troubleshoot-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#review-pipeline-tasks).
```

> The following yaml script is an example of running the `AzureCLI@2` task for using service connections federated identity with @azure/identity. See the list of [recommended Azure Devops task](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/troubleshoot-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#review-pipeline-tasks).

Author: done

> The following task YAML is an example of configuring the `AzureCLI@2` task for using service connections federated identity with @azure/identity. See the list of [recommended Azure Pipeline tasks](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/troubleshoot-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#review-pipeline-tasks).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following task YAML is an example of configuring the [AzureCLI@2](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/reference/azure-cli-v2?view=azure-pipelines) task for using service connections federated identity with @azure/identity. See the list of [recommended Azure Pipelines tasks](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/release/troubleshoot-workload-identity?view=azure-devops#review-pipeline-tasks).
```

```yml
trigger:
  - main

pool:
  vmImage: ubuntu-latest

steps:
  - script: |
      npm install @azure/identity
      npm install @azure/keyvault-secrets
    displayName: "Install the test version of Azure Identity"

  - task: AzureCLI@2
    displayName: "Azure CLI Task"
    env:
      SYSTEM_ACCESSTOKEN: $(System.AccessToken)
    inputs:
      azureSubscription: "<Name_of_AZURE_SERVICE_CONNECTION>"
      scriptType: bash
      scriptLocation: "inlineScript"
      inlineScript: |
        node <path-to-the-javascript-code>
```

> **Note: The environment variables `AZURESUBSCRIPTION_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURESUBSCRIPTION_TENANT_ID`, and `AZURESUBSCRIPTION_SERVICE_CONNECTION_ID` are configured by Azure Pipelines only in the tasks `AzureCLI@2` and `AzurePowershell@5`. Values from these environment variables should be passed into the constructor of `AzurePipelinesCredential` by the user.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note: The environment variables `AZURESUBSCRIPTION_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURESUBSCRIPTION_TENANT_ID`, and `AZURESUBSCRIPTION_SERVICE_CONNECTION_ID` are configured by Azure Pipelines only in the tasks `AzureCLI@2` and [AzurePowerShell@5](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/reference/azure-powershell-v5?view=azure-pipelines). Values from these environment variables should be passed into the constructor of `AzurePipelinesCredential` by the user.**
```

#### Sample code for using AzurePipelinesCredential

This example demonstrates authenticating the `SecretClient` from the [@azure/keyvault-secrets][secrets_client_library] using the `AzurePipelinesCredential` in an Azure Pipelines environment with service connections.

```ts
/**
 * Authenticate with AzurePipelines federated identity.
 */
function withAzurePipelinesCredential() {
  const clientId = "<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>";
  const tenantId = "<YOUR_TENANT_ID>";
  const serviceConnectionId = "<YOUR_SERVICE_CONNECTION_ID>";

>   const systemAccessToken = "<SYSTEM_ACCESSTOKEN>";

Reviewer 3: should we show getting it from `env.SYSTEM_ACCESSTOKEN` here?
